Add MAS-P profile (#3496)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x03b-Testing-Profiles.md

- **App Vetting Process:** Organizations can use the MAS Testing Profiles as the foundation for app vetting processes before deployment on the organization's devices. The profiles would be carefully tailored and potentially extended with organization-specific security requirements to meet their individual security needs and risk tolerance. See ["NIST.SP.800-163r1 \- Vetting the Security of Mobile Applications"](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800-163r1.pdf) for more information.

## The MAS Testing Profiles

To maximize the effectiveness of the OWASP MASVS, applications should undergo a threat model and identify all the relevant threats. Based on these threats, different security controls should be chosen and applied to the application. However, sometimes it's not possible to create a custom profile tailored to an application's specific threat landscape. Recognizing this challenge, we've created default P, L1, L2, and R profiles.

> While the P default profile prioritizes user privacy, the L1, L2, and R default profiles are designed with a wide range of potential threats in mind, providing a basic level of security controls suitable for most applications. By using these, developers can ensure that their applications are protected against common vulnerabilities and attack methods, even if they haven't performed a comprehensive threat assessment.

Reviewer: These are very good points and I have addressed them. Please check again.

- [NIST.SP.800-163r1 \- Vetting the Security of Mobile Applications](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800-163r1.pdf)
- [OWASP Secure Product Design Cheat Sheet \- The principle of Defense-in-Depth](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Secure_Product_Design_Cheat_Sheet.html#2-the-principle-of-defense-in-depth)
- [NIST SP 800-122, Guide to Protecting the Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-122.pdf)
- [General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - EU](https://gdpr-info.eu/)

> - [Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) - USA | CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/phlp/publications/topic/hipaa.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) - USA | CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/phlp/php/resources/health-insurance-portability-and-accountability-act-of-1996-hipaa.html)
```

- [Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA) - USA](https://www.ftc.gov/legal-library/browse/rules/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule-coppa)
- [Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) - Canada](https://www.priv.gc.ca/en/privacy-topics/privacy-laws-in-canada/the-personal-information-protection-and-electronic-documents-act-pipeda/)
- [Protection of Personal Information Act (POPIA) - South Africa](https://inforegulator.org.za/popia/)

> - [OWASP MASTG \- Mobile App User Privacy Protection](https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/General/0x04i-Testing-User-Privacy-Protection/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OWASP MASTG \- Mobile App User Privacy Protection](https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/0x04i-Testing-User-Privacy-Protection/)
```
